Intent2.0 (#1)
IntentSoftware/Docs: articles/references/modules/index.md

---
uid: Modules
---
# Modules

Modules are the building blocks and extension points of Intent Architect. They typically encapsulate _how_ your metadata should be realized as code in your application. While the outputs of each Module are not restricted to a particular language, creating the Modules must be done using C# and .NET (a modern and powerful strongly typed language).

> To find out more, please locate the relevant topic on the left hand panel.

Author: ```suggestion
Please refer to the side panel for the available articles.
```

This could be omitted if it's possible to embed the TOC somehow.
